>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>Who are you?
>>Jack O'Ryan.
>>It's Kalki!
He has returned.
>>There's not much time.
>>If there is the slightest
chance that he is Kalki,
you must find him
and terminate him.
>>I've found the entrance.
>>Then it's time.
>>[SCREAMS]
>>I cannot allow anyone to enter
the city until Kalki finishes
what he was sent here to do.
>>He is here to
completely obliterate us.
>>I don't know you.
How can I trust you?
>>You know me.
We've been lovers for centuries.
>>You don't know
what you're doing.
The human race is too
stupid to be awakened.
>>Go ahead.
>>[GUNSHOT]
>>They don't need
another leader.
They just need someone
to tell them the truth.
>>[SCREAMS]
>>You're vampires.
>>Jack O'Ryan.
>>[GUNSHOT]
>>Who are you?
>>I'm Kalki.
>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
I'm George Noory.
And what you just
saw was just a clip
of the new film called "Shasta"
by filmmaker Jay Weidner.
Jay, that's an exciting program.
>>JAY WEIDNER: Yeah, well, it
took a long time, three years,
to make it.
>>NOORY: That's super.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah.
Yes.
>>NOORY: Normally,
you do documentaries.
This is a drama based on Shasta,
which we're going to get into.
Tell me about the difference.
How did you decide to do a film?
>>WEIDNER: Well, actually, when
I first got into filmmaking,
I actually made a feature
film back in the '80s.
I wrote and directed one.
And it wasn't a very good film.
And I wrote a whole
bunch of horror films,
also, in the '80s and '70s.
But then I went
into documentaries.
And now I'm back
making features.
And I think features
are actually easier
than documentaries,
because documentaries
you have to be right.
You have to have all
your facts straight.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>WEIDNER: Here, you're
just kind of writing--
>>NOORY: It's Hollywood, right?
>>WEIDNER: It's Hollywood.
Yeah.
So actually, I really
enjoyed making it.
It was a relief from
having to do documentaries.
>>NOORY: And where'd
you find the talent
for it, the actors,
the actresses?
>>WEIDNER: Well, I was living
in Ashland, Oregon, which
has a Shakespeare theater, a
very famous Shakespeare theater
thing going on.
And so I went there
and got actors.
And the lead, who plays
Kalki, he was from Hollywood.
I flew him up to
Oregon to shoot.
His name is Alexander Polinsky.
He used to be on
"Charles in Charge,"
the TV series from the
'80s, as a very good actor.
So it was a real experience.
I re-shot the film all the way.
I shot it, and then I threw
everything out and re-shot it.
And I did that,
actually, a couple times.
So it was an amazing experience.
>>NOORY: Shasta, Mount Shasta,
in northern California,
is a very different
kind of place.
>>WEIDNER: Very different.
>>NOORY: You keyed in on that.
Tell me how you decided
to pick that spot.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah,
well, I was living,
of course, an hour north of
there, in Ashland, Oregon.
And going down to Shasta--
because it's so beautiful.
And it's an amazingly huge
mountain, 14,000-foot mountain,
on a plain.
So you drive, and it's
monstrous, whereas, like,
in Colorado, you have
14,000-foot mountains,
but you're at
6,000 feet already.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>WEIDNER: So they're
not this big thing.
So I started getting into
the kind of the lore of Mount
Shasta and talking
to people, locals,
and finding out some strangest
stories of UFO sightings
and Bigfoot and odd creatures.
And it was like, really?
All this going on in
this little place?
And then I started
looking into the history.
And the Indians, the Native
Americans who lived there
before the white
people got there,
they have the same stories.
When the missionaries came,
they said, the white beings
live up on Mount Shasta
and all this stuff.
And you're like,
what's going on?
And stories of
tunnels and treasures.
And I myself have been in the
tunnel systems, the lava tubes
that run all under the
entire plateau there.
>>NOORY: For hundreds
and hundreds of feet?
>>WEIDNER: Miles.
>>NOORY: Miles?
>>WEIDNER: Miles, with
ceilings as high as cathedrals,
like in Europe.
They're that big
of a tunnel system.
And they're perfectly
round, these lava tubes.
>>NOORY: These are natural?
>>WEIDNER: These
are natural, yeah.
And Nassim Haramein,
the physicist,
he has a theory that lava
tubes, because of the way that
the metallic-- the minerals
have formed around them,
that they could possibly be
like stargates or some kind of--
>>NOORY: Wormholes or something.
>>WEIDNER: Wormhole, yeah.
And that would actually explain
a lot of the high weirdness,
because every time
you go to a place that
has a lot of lava tubes, you
get these stories, like Hawaii.
Or in southern France, Le
Puy, the area around Le Puy,
they have lava tubes.
And again, the same stories.
It could be crypto
zoological, though.
It could be animals
that are caught
or live nocturnally inside the
tunnels and come out at night.
And then people will
see an odd animal
and not know what
it is and freak
and think that it's
some being that--
>>NOORY: Sure,
which is possible.
>>WEIDNER: It is possible.
So there's a lot
of possibilities
to explain what's going
on up in Mount Shasta.
But I think that
there's something to it.
I really do.
There's too much smoke
for there not to be fire.
>>NOORY: I assume that
Shasta is a volcano, right?
>>WEIDNER: Yes, it is.
>>NOORY: So god
forbid, if they erupt,
those tubes-- lava flows
through those tubes.
Is that what happens?
>>WEIDNER: Yeah,
that's what happens
is that the lava goes
through the tube, it erupts,
and then the lava cools
at that certain point.
And then it kind of widens out
as it dilates when it cools,
because cool will do that.
And then it's just waiting
for the next eruption,
which could be any time.
The whole area, the whole
ring of fire, as you know,
is ready to go.
I mean, any of those
volcanoes or Mount Rainier--
>>NOORY: Oh, boy, and
if it goes, it goes.
>>WEIDNER: If
Mount Rainier went,
it would destroy
Seattle and Tacoma.
So it would be very--
>>NOORY: Well, we saw what
happened during Mount St.
Helens.
57 people died
during that episode.
>>WEIDNER: That's right.
I mean, it was like the
entire top of the mountain
just lifted off and just
spread out the dust all over.
So yeah, Shasta is
an amazing place.
I highly recommend people
go there and visit.
I think you'll be amazed
not just by the beauty,
but by the weirdness.
>>NOORY: Are there people who
live at the base of Shasta?
>>WEIDNER: Yeah.
It's a little town
called Mount Shasta.
And it's probably the
strangest bunch of eccentrics
I've ever seen in my life,
everywhere from mystics
to mountain climbers,
Nepalese mountain climbers,
to-- it's just an
amazing little place.
>>NOORY: Let's talk
about the mysticism
of Shasta for a moment and
what people have cited.
The fact that Native Americans
saw this hundreds of years ago
and they're still
seeing things tells me
that there's
something real there.
We just don't know what it is.
>>WEIDNER: That's right.
And these things, they
seem to come and go.
There's an amazing
article in 1938 LA Times.
A travel writer
goes to Mount Shasta
and reports seeing lights and
kind of UFO figures and things.
And then he goes into town
to interview the people.
And they tell him that there's
these beings called Lemurians
who live inside the
mountain in a city.
And they come out.
And they'll buy, like, shoe
strings with $50 worth of gold.
And these stories have
going on for a long time.
And now we're looking
back at the stories
that the Native Americans told.
And we're thinking
that maybe there really
are these tall beings that live
in Mount Shasta that come out
that were actually remnants from
a previous civilization called
Lemuria who live
inside the mountain now
to escape from the world,
which is part of the movie,
by the way.
>>NOORY: Now, are
there reports at all
about people
disappearing out there?
>>WEIDNER: Oh, yeah.
A lot of people disappear.
A lot of people will go
hiking and never come back.
Then there's stories of people
who go and come back, literally
are gone for months,
and then reappear back--
>>NOORY: In a daze?
>>WEIDNER: In a daze, saying
that they went into a cave
and got lost inside
the mountain.
>>NOORY: Oh, my god.
What do they eat?
>>WEIDNER: Well, they're
usually backpackers.
They'll bring food--
they have food with them,
and they get caught--
a storm comes,
and you walk into a cave,
and the next thing you know,
you're traversing and
spelunking the cave.
And then, pretty
soon, you're lost.
And then you have to
find your way back out.
And it'd be a
hair-raising experience.
I've been inside these tubes.
>>NOORY: Are they eerie?
>>WEIDNER: They are.
And your flashlight
only goes about 15 feet.
And these tubes are miles long.
And who knows what's in there?
I mean, you could
literally get a ship,
a gigantic ship, into these
things-- a naval ship.
I mean, that's how big they are.
>>NOORY: Wow.
So if a craft flew into it,
it could go all the way down,
right?
>>WEIDNER: That's right.
And we don't know
how many layers
there are, how many
stories, you might say.
So we're in the top layer, near
the surface of these tubes.
But how far down do they go?
>>NOORY: Well, they obviously
go all the way down, right?
>>WEIDNER: Well, yeah.
>>NOORY: To the pits
of where the lava is.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah.
And no one really
has explored them.
I mean, I have to a limited
degree, only for the film.
And we actually show one of
them in the film, by the way.
The star enters into
one of these lava tubes.
I mean, it's amazingly
huge when you look at it.
And I don't know what to say
about it, except that there
is something there.
There really is.
And it needs to be looked at.
>>NOORY: What's the theme
of "Shasta," the movie?
>>WEIDNER: Well, it's about the
return of-- there's a prophecy
from the Vedic tradition
that, at the end of this age,
a man will come.
And his name is Kalki.
And he will destroy
the purveyors of lies--
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
[SCREAMS]
[END VIDEO PLAYBACK]
>>WEIDNER: --and
bring back the, you
know, kind of a truthful age.
And I've been waiting for
Kalki for, like, 30 years.
And so, finally, I gave up
and decided I'd just put him--
>>NOORY: You made him.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah, so now, he's
literally going back, only
in a movie.
So it's kind of funny.
>>NOORY: Is it like the
second coming of Christ?
>>WEIDNER: It is a little bit.
In fact, a lot of
people have postulated
that the Christian
tradition is actually
kind of an aspect of the
Vedic tradition in that Jesus
is so much like Krishna--
not just his name, Christ
and Krishna-- but Krishna
came here to redeem us.
And Jesus came
here to redeem us.
And Kalki is the
reincarnation of Krishna.
So you wonder
where these stories
come-- because Jesus is going
to come on a white horse,
and Kalki comes
on a white horse.
And so these myths
are all kind of,
I think, intertwined
with each other.
And now here we are,
2000 years later,
and we don't really understand
where this myth comes from.
But it doesn't really
matter, because it's
the myth that is across
all these countries,
that there's going to
be this redeemer that's
going to come at the end of time
and get rid of the bad guys.
>>NOORY: Sounds
biblical, doesn't it?
>>WEIDNER: It does
sound biblical.
>>NOORY: That's exciting.
If people want to watch
"Shasta," where do they go?
What do they do?
How do they see it?
>>WEIDNER: It'll be
shown in theaters.
We're releasing it right now.
We're releasing it
across the United States.
We'll start probably on
the West Coast in movies,
just because the West
Coast is where Shasta is.
And it's going to be
opening up in theaters
all over the country.
It's going to get a
legitimate opening.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
>>WEIDNER: It's
going to be on DVD.
We're going to
have it on iTunes.
Just watch for it.
It'll be here.
It's coming to your town soon.
>>NOORY: Jay, you have also
done a lot of work into what is
called the Arcons--
>>WEIDNER: That's right.
>>NOORY: --rulers.
>>WEIDNER: The rulers.
>>NOORY: Who are they?
>>WEIDNER: Well, they're
the bad guys in my movie,
for one thing.
But the Arcons-- the
first time that we really
hear about the Arcons in history
is in the Nag Hammadi texts,
which were discovered in
1845 in Egypt in clay jars.
Little boy looking for his
sheep walks into a cave--
here's a cave again-- and
finds these clay jars.
They laid around
for a few years.
And finally, some
scholars found them
and started doing
interpretations of them.
And so what's good
about the Nag Hammadi
is that nobody's
messed with them--
no popes, no kings,
no politicians.
>>NOORY: They haven't
been changed, altered.
>>WEIDNER: They
haven't been changed.
So we can actually read what
the ancients 2,000 years ago
thought of the world.
And one of the things
that they talk about
is a chapter called "The
Hypostasis of the Arcons."
And they say that there's a
group of off-planet entities
that have actually come to
Earth and can get into people
and change them.
And these entities are attracted
by violence and depraved sex,
and they kind of-- almost like
locusts in the fire, coming in.
They swoop in on violent
situations-- war, conflict--
and encourage it.
They feed off of it like food.
And so the Gnostics, who
wrote the Nag Hammadi,
they say that the Arcons are
fomenting all of this strife
and war to create kind of
a psychic food for them.
And so we need to
be aware of this,
because they are kind of the
manipulators behind a lot
of the things that are
going on these days.
And once we become
aware of the Arcons,
then we can make sure
that we understand
that, when things
are happening--
road rage for instance,
somebody gives you the finger,
you don't react, because you're
falling into the Arcon trap.
So the person is angry.
They're trying to get to work.
They give you the
finger because they
think you're slowing them down.
And then you give the finger,
and a big fight ensues.
>>NOORY: You could get
killed if somebody--
>>WEIDNER: You could get killed.
It happens all the time.
And so we have to
understand this and then
not fall into the
Arcon trap and say no.
And I think, again,
Jesus was trying
to teach us how not to
fall into the Arcon trap.
Forgive your enemies
and love each other.
And these are things
that Arcons don't like.
They don't like love.
They don't really like children.
>>NOORY: Are they humans?
>>WEIDNER: Well, human-like.
You interviewed Mac
Tonnies on your show.
He died right after he wrote
the book "Cryptoterrestrials,"
which is about
kind of the Arcons.
Here's the cover of his
book, this haunting painting.
Now, I think this is a Tall
White-- Charles Hall's Tall
Whites.
I think this might
be a Tall White,
but I think it's also an Arcon.
In other words, they're
off-planet humanoid beings
who come here and
can infiltrate--
use their psychic
abilities to infiltrate
into human-- the
councils of humanity.
They've taken over the
top levels of humanity.
>>NOORY: Are they what
we call the Illuminati?
>>WEIDNER: They are.
And Arcon means
"ruler" in Greek.
And so if you take the word
like "anarchist" or "anarchy,"
it translates perfectly
as "against the Arcons."
So the Arcons, according
to the lore, they invaded,
they kind of took over
the leadership positions
around the world
2,500, 3,000 years ago.
And they've been in
charge ever since.
And apparently, they have
the ability to switch bodies.
So they can die
and switch bodies.
Or they just possess people.
We don't know enough about this.
That's why it's so
important to get it out.
>>NOORY: If you saw them walking
down the street, though, Jay,
you would say, clearly,
they look different.
>>WEIDNER: They do.
>>NOORY: Now, this
looks like-- but I've
seen people who look like this.
>>WEIDNER: Yep.
I have, too.
In fact, when I'm waiting
at the airport, when
I'm waiting to
take a flight, I'll
frequently go to where people
are walking by on the moving
sidewalks.
>>NOORY: Is that a real
picture of somebody?
>>WEIDNER: That
is a real picture.
She's a supermodel.
And again, our idea of beauty
is based on these people.
If you look at models, they
frequently have the thin chin.
I think she's probably used
collagen on her lips, because--
>>NOORY: Look, if
she didn't have hair,
she would look identical
to that picture.
>>WEIDNER: Yep, if
she shaved her head,
she would look just like that.
Here's one.
They'll frequently
use their hair
to hide the back of their head.
>>NOORY: What's back there?
>>WEIDNER: Well,
I think they have
an extended, elongated
skull a little bit.
And they use their hair
to try to cover it up.
>>NOORY: Now, that looks
like anybody's grandmother.
>>WEIDNER: It does, except
imagine with her head shaved.
Again, she would look
like that picture, right?
If you shaved her head.
And this is a very famous
person, by the way.
This is Lady Barbara Judge.
She runs a high
technology company
in Los Alamos, New
Mexico, and in Denver,
and New York and London.
>>NOORY: She dresses this way?
>>WEIDNER: She dresses this way.
And the company
transfers technology.
And a lot of people think that
they're transferring technology
from off-planet sources and
bringing it into corporations,
which is what this company
does that she does.
So she's possibly a hybrid.
>>NOORY: And so she's
involved in an industry where
she could alter and
change a lot of things.
>>WEIDNER: And she has.
In fact, Lady Barbara Judge
is in Japan right now,
trying to encourage them to
build more nuclear reactors,
which I find odd.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah.
So again, you can see
that they have a look.
This is the look
of the bloodline,
by the way, the so-called
David Icke's bloodline.
The bloodline, I believe, is how
close they are to these Arcons.
They have Arcon blood.
And the more Arcon blood they
have, the higher up the echelon
they are.
And they try to hide this,
but they have this look.
And you can see this look.
And Charles Hall,
he says that they
like to come into town
and down to Vegas.
>>NOORY: [LAUGHS].
>>WEIDNER: Yeah, they like to
dress up and come and do Vegas.
>>NOORY: They like to gamble?
>>WEIDNER: Yeah.
And so whenever I'm
in Vegas, I like
to go around, walk
around the tables,
and see if I see anybody--
>>NOORY: Did you ever
see one like that?
>>WEIDNER: I have, actually.
I saw this one at
Denver Airport one time.
I had a five-hour layover.
And I just sat watching people
walking by on the moving
sidewalks.
And I looked, and I saw this
woman coming down the sidewalk.
And she had the look.
For one thing, their skin is
very white, almost paper white.
>>NOORY: Misty.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah.
And I looked at her,
and I actually visibly
was shocked by her appearance.
And I think I stood
up or something.
I was going for my cell
camera-- my cell phone
camera to get a shot of her.
And as she was coming
down the sidewalk,
she started turning
away from me, like this.
>>NOORY: Like she knew you knew.
>>WEIDNER: Exactly.
And I never got
a picture of her.
And I didn't want to make a
scene, because in an airport,
you'd get in trouble.
So I do watch for people.
And I look for it all the time.
And I see people.
Frequently, I'll
take them aside, say,
can I take a picture of you?
I got a waitress serving
me a few weeks ago.
And she looked just like that.
And I was like, wow, I've got
to take a picture of this.
>>NOORY: Are they out
to manipulate the world?
>>WEIDNER: Yes.
>>NOORY: Do they want wars?
>>WEIDNER: Yes, they want wars.
They encourage wars, corruption.
This is what the
"Hypostasis of the Arcons"
said 2,100 years ago.
So I'm not making this up.
They don't understand us, so
they create a fake culture,
too.
This is very important.
Since they rule
Hollywood and the media,
too, if you watch the
stuff that they make,
it's almost like they
don't quite understand us.
And so they give us, like, fake
things that they think we'll
like.
So that's why movies
are frequently
so vapid and superficial,
because nothing really
feels real in a bad movie, and
that's why you don't like it.
And so it takes a
movie like "Avatar"
to come along, where you
actually feel something,
because the guy that
made it, James Cameron,
we're pretty sure is a human.
And so you can see it.
And everything they
offer is so superficial,
and there's nothing deep to it.
There's just this
superficial culture
that we live in-- if it even
is a culture at this point.
The architecture that they
encourage is usually very ugly.
Modern art is encouraged,
I believe, by the Arcons.
They seem to like ugliness.
They seem to not understand
us, or they're jealous of us,
because, according to "The
Hypostasis of the Arcons,"
we have a soul and they don't.
And so they're kind
of jealous of us.
And they're trying to
keep us down on the farm,
because if we ever
realize who we really are,
we will be stronger than they
are, and we will defeat them.
>>NOORY: And go after them.
>>WEIDNER: Exactly.
And so they know this.
And so they do
everything they can.
They put fluoride in the water.
And they give the kids
prescription drugs.
And they're doing everything
they can to flatten us out
as a species so
that we never have
enough knowledge and spiritual
power to rise up and tell them,
you know, we've had
enough of your stuff.
>>NOORY: How did they get here?
And how long have
they been here?
>>WEIDNER: That's a
really good question.
I don't know how they got here.
Maybe they're the fallen
angels that they talk about
in the Bible.
I don't know how
they got here, but I
know they've been here for
probably at least 6,000 years.
They've been ruling things.
I believe that they're the
ones who literally created
the original cultures
of Mesopotamia--
>>NOORY: Samaria.
>>WEIDNER: Mm-hm, Samaria.
And they put humans on,
like, the grain-based diet.
And we've stopped
eating the foods
that hunter gatherers eat.
And we started eating
foods that actually
weren't very good for us.
And what do these foods
do, these high-grain diets?
They keep us kind of
sleepy and passive.
One time, I went
to Alcatraz to do
a tour of Alcatraz, the prison
on a little island on the San
Francisco Bay.
>>NOORY: Weird place.
>>WEIDNER: It is a weird place.
And the person that
was leading the tour
said, well, every night, the
final thing that we would
do before we've sent the
prisoners into the cells
is we'd feed them a big,
huge pile of mashed potatoes
or spaghetti--
>>NOORY: Or pasta.
>>WEIDNER: Or pasta.
>>NOORY: Yeah, exactly.
>>WEIDNER: And I raised
my hand, and I said, well,
why do you do that?
>>WEIDNER: And he
says, well, we've
found that it pacifies them.
And I went, bingo, there we go.
This is why the
grain diet is here
is because it's pacifying us.
>>NOORY: Heavy
starches and sugars.
>>WEIDNER: Heavy
starches and sugars,
which really we're not
meant to eat at all.
And if you've ever
looked-- and I'm sure
you have-- looked into
what those foods do
to the physique of the
human body-- cavities
and plaque in the
arterial walls.
And I mean, it's just
really bad for you.
>>NOORY: Well, you
know, I've never
seen anybody energetic after
eating a big plate of pasta,
for example.
>>WEIDNER: No, you
just want to go to bed.
>>NOORY: You want to go to bed.
You're sleepy.
>>WEIDNER: Exactly.
And I think that the Arcons
did that on purpose, just
like Alcatraz.
I really do.
And I think a lot of
the things that we
have are done on
purpose by the Arcons.
>>NOORY: Are they here
to control, to take over?
What's their mission?
>>WEIDNER: Their mission is
to keep us on life support,
just on life support, never cure
us, never help us get better,
keep us down on the farm,
weak, so that they can feed off
our spiritual energy.
>>NOORY: And they do.
>>WEIDNER: And they do.
Look what's going on
right now in Ukraine.
I mean, you talk about
a nasty situation.
It could have-- if someone had
just-- a politician had just
risen up to the chance to solve
that situation when it started,
then we wouldn't be in
the mess we're in now.
But instead, all of our
politicians, both sides,
they're all guilty.
>>NOORY: They're
all feeding this.
>>WEIDNER: They are feeding it.
And we're putting
secret agents in there,
and Putin's putting
secret agents.
And they're all
fighting each other,
and they're killing each other.
And none of it has to happen.
And we don't know what to do.
We're so lost as a species that
we're watching this go down.
And nobody says,
can't we go over there
and help those people?
Same with Fukushima.
How come we aren't sending
the greatest scientists
over to Japan and
solving that problem?
But we're not.
We're passive.
>>NOORY: We're not.
We've left it alone.
>>WEIDNER: We have.
And this is, I believe, is
all the results of the Arcons.
We're no longer acting
like a responsible species.
Were acting like little
children and waiting for mommy
and daddy to come clean
up everything for us.
>>NOORY: How does the
other shoe that drops, Jay?
What happens with these Arcons,
assuming we don't stop them?
>>WEIDNER: Well, then
they will continue on
with their plan, which
is to keep us-- to reduce
the population to
a manageable level
so that they can then just
use whatever they want
to completely, in a way, take
our children from us, which
is what I think they're doing
right now with pop culture.
I think that they're
literally creating artifices
in pop culture that are
removing our children away
from us, alienating
our children from us.
That's really--
>>NOORY: Social
networking, everything.
>>WEIDNER: Mm-hm.
And I think they're
really trying
to get the younger
generation in their camp
right now so that they are--
>>NOORY: That's an
interesting theory.
>>WEIDNER: It is.
And if you look at the
music and the culture
that they're fomenting onto
the young people right now,
it is downright evil.
That's all I can say.
I've really investigated
it and looked into it.
And I would not want my
children-- fortunately,
mine are older now, and
I don't have to worry.
But I would not want
my young children
to be watching almost anything--
>>NOORY: But you know,
I've got grandchildren.
My children, like
yours, are older.
But the grandchildren,
they're kids.
>>WEIDNER: And
their minds are just
ready to soak up the stuff.
And we should be
giving our children
nothing but positive images.
But instead, they're getting
nothing but negative images.
I don't know how many murders
a child watches before they're
12 years old on television,
but it's in the thousands.
And they shouldn't
even see one murder
before they're 12 years old.
And we have to get
a hold on this,
because we're not in control
of what's going on here.
And art is supposed to
rise the human race up
into higher levels of being,
not drag us down into the dirt.
And right now, all
of the art that's
going on, from entertainment
to paintings to music,
seems like it's trying to just
drag us down into the dirt,
like we're a filthy, rotten
species that deserves
everything we get, when, in
fact, we're not that at all.
We're an incredible species.
And we need to wake up
to who we are and then
rise up and stop
what's going on.
>>NOORY: It seems to
be happening, though,
at an incredibly fast clip.
>>WEIDNER: That's right,
because the Arcons
know we're waking up.
Shows like yours, internet,
it's waking everybody up.
The Nag Hammadi-- I
mean, is it an accident
that we found this right
after World War II ended?
And if you believe in
a divine will, like me,
I believe that the Nag
Hammadi was left for us
to find so that we would
now have the warning
and be able to act on it--
divine will, if you must.
And I believe that that is
our largest responsibility
now, is to become adults.
The Arcons treat
us like children.
And we need to say, we're
done being children--
>>NOORY: Enough is enough.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah, we're
going to become adults.
Adults don't drop depleted
uranium on people.
Adults don't build
nuclear power plants
where tsunamis that
are going to hit.
Adults--
>>NOORY: Don't kidnap
hordes of little girls--
>>WEIDNER: That's right.
>>GEORGE NOORY: --and sell them.
>>WEIDNER: Exactly like what's
going on in Nigeria right now,
which is a classic Arcon thing.
And I think once we take
responsibility for our actions,
they will just wither away.
But first, we have to
understand the problem.
And I think that's the biggest
thing that we can do right now.
And it's not just me
that's announcing this.
A lot of people are
talking about the Arcons.
David Icke is talking
about it, John Lash.
A lot of people talk
about the Arcons now.
>>NOORY: And really,
it's in the Bible.
>>WEIDNER: It is in the Bible.
>>NOORY: You've just
got to look for it.
>>WEIDNER: It is.
In fact, all you
have to do is just
change the references
to demons and Satan
and just change that to Arcons.
And now you have the
Bible warning you.
And it could even be said
that the story of Jesus
at the end there,
where he's killed,
is actually a rebellion, Jesus
and his followers rebelling
against the Arcons.
They go into the
holy temple, where
they're exchanging money,
which is classic Arcon, right,
to turn a temple into a bank.
And then Jesus
throws all the money
and the bankers out, says
this is a holy place.
>>NOORY: He knew better.
>>WEIDNER: And
they went, oh yeah?
And I believe, at that
point, when he threw them out
of the temple, that his days
were numbered from then on.
>>NOORY: Jay, thanks for being
on this edition of "Beyond
Belief."
>>WEIDNER: Thank you, George.
>>NOORY: That's Jay Weidner.
So the next time you go
walking along the street
and you see someone with
huge eyes, a larger head,
they just might be
an Arcon, and you
may want to walk the other way.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for watching "Beyond Belief."
>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC]